Update Async Profiler doc (#12842)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/backend-java-app-profiling.md

### Wait the agent to collect data and upload

At this point, Async Profiler will trace the events you selected when you created the task:

1. CPU,WALL,ITIMER,CTIMER: CPU cycles
2. ALLOC: Allocations in Java Heap
3. LOCK: Contented lock attempts, including both Java object monitors and ReentrantLocks

Finally, the agent will upload the jfr file produced by Async Profiler to the oap server for online performance analysis.

### Query the profiling task progresses

Wait for Async Profiler to complete data collection and upload successfully.

> We can query the execution log of the Async Profiler task and the successful and failed instances,which includes the following information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can query the execution logs of the Async Profiler task and the task status, which includes the following information:
```
